for generations the price family has
been famous for their shoes now
if Charlie can't save the business I had
to fire 15 people today his entire town
will be left in the cold what can I do
do do change the product you have to
make up your mind behind you in this
young nation market Charlie do you think
there is a market for boots for women by
men all this way for my advice I feel
like Oprah now honey if they can learn
to work together morning charlie they
might just get the town back on its feet
please God tell me I'm not inspired
something bugging their comfy thank God
it's just me you are making two and a
half feet I'm irresistible tubular sex
any questions there are some very funny
people out there the only way to succeed
in life you know sexy does to me Josh is
to put your best foot forward
Oh
thank you
Kinki booze can I just ask are you a man
I am laughs yes just so I know how to
need the toilet seat I get some biscuits